The Seattle Mariners have had an extremely busy winter, signing breakout and bounce-back candidates galore. It seems that for all the moves the Mariners have made, they still are not done. On Wednesday, the Mariners finalized an agreement with Korean star Dae-Ho Lee on a one-year minor league deal.

The deal might not be as exciting as a Chris Davis signing or even a Byung-Ho Park signing (which I am still baffled at why the Mariners didn¡¯t try to sign Park), but first baseman Lee has the potential to truly break out in MLB in 2016. Lee is by no means a prospect at the age of 33, but the potential to be an impact player and even take the first base job for the next few years is there.


Lee is an interesting signing for Jerry Dipoto, as he doesn¡¯t exactly fit into what the GM has looked for this offseason. At 6-foot-4, 280 pounds, he doesn¡¯t exactly scream athletic specimen, but he makes up for it with his discipline at the plate. He has hit over a .300 batting average in seven of his last 10 seasons, split between KBO and NPB (South Korea and Japan). His career batting line between the two leagues is .303/.387/.514, which is sure to take the significant hit all Japanese and Korean players have seen when entering MLB.

Lee is by no means guaranteed a spot on the major league roster, but he definitely shows the potential to either back up at first base or take a DH type role with the team. Lee has decent defense at first base, but with his size he is not bound to impress with his athletic ability on the field. The mix of mediocre defense with an amazing presence at the plate would seem like a nice DH option for the Mariners, but Lee has to prove that he can accomplish in the U.S. what he did overseas. Also, with the crowded outfield the Mariners have, Nelson Cruz is likely to make the transition to DH this season (although Cruz would wish otherwise).

Lee is a two-time NPB champion (2014-15) and a three-time NPB All-Star (2012-14) in just four seasons in the NPB (2012-15). While playing in the KBO, he was voted the MVP of the league in 2010. Although Lee is more of a power hitter (even with his contact numbers), he is hoping that his success overseas will translate favorably in MLB. This is despite the perceived notion that all Asian players have a drastic decrease in power when entering MLB.

The plateau for Lee¡¯s skill set in MLB would compare to David Ortiz at this point in his career. Ortiz in his prime was considered the cornerstone of the Boston Red Sox¡¯ offense during the 2000s. Ortiz still has the skill to play on a major league roster in a prominent role, but he is definitely on the decline, announcing his retirement after 2016 earlier in the offseason. Lee¡¯s size and plate discipline resemble Ortiz closely though, as they both like to crowd the plate, shrinking the strike zone for opposing pitchers.

Lee will have to prove himself in order to make the big league roster, but it was reported that he has $4 million in incentives if he can do so. While it is highly unlikely that Lee will make a major impact in the start of the season, he does have a chance to take the platoon spot at first base from Jesus Montero. Montero is out of minor league options though, creating a bit of a problem if Lee did make the 25-man roster.

Considering it is a largely incentive-based contract, the Mariners got a huge steal with Lee. If he doesn¡¯t produce, it will cost the Mariners next to nothing. If he does perform well, then Lee will earn the money he rightfully deserves. Adam Lind needs a right-handed platoon partner, based on his split numbers. Lee could easily step into that role and become a fan favorite in Seattle.