An injury to his foot in September¡¯s 4-1 victory over Manchester City ruled Son out for the subsequent six matches however. His hot start was cut short, and in his place Erik Lamela solidified his spot and Dele Alli began his ascent.

When he did come back, he found his chances at a starting berth diminished significantly. But for stints in which he was brought in to give Lamela a much needed rest, Mauricio Pochettino elected to stay with the hot hands.

Though Alli¡¯s suspension has granted Son a nice end-of-season streak of starts ? during which he¡¯s scored twice in as many games ? it¡¯s difficult to look back on this season as anything but a disappointment.Son recently revealed the fact that he shares this sentiment in an article with Ham & High.

¡°This season I think [I¡¯ve been] a little bit unlucky. I started well, got injured and then getting fit took a long time. I¡¯m still getting [back to] 100 per cent. But I¡¯m very happy because I enjoyed this year in Tottenham.¡±

The transfer fee Son commanded in his August move to Tottenham from Bayer Leverkusen amounted to as much as ¡Ì23 million, making him the third most expensive transfer in the club¡¯s history after Lamela and Roberto Soldado. Expectations were, needless to say, very high.

At 23-years-old, though, Son still has plenty of time to make his case at Tottenham. The club¡¯s qualification for the group stage of next season¡¯s Champions League will presumably mean a more heavily rotated squad, something that Son will inevitably benefit from.

The Champions League is familiar ground for Son. During his time with Leverkusen, he made sixteen total appearances in Europe¡¯s premier international club competition, scoring three goals and setting up three assists. He¡¯s thus well aware of the challenge and opportunity Tottenham have ahead of them.

¡°It¡¯s not an easy competition and we have to look forward, we have to work very hard,¡± he said. ¡°There are many good teams, [some of the best] in the world. We have to be very focused and be very ready for the Champions League next season.¡±

Tottenham will also be occupied with a hopeful title hunt next season as they attempt to build on the surprise success of the current season. While it doesn¡¯t appear as if Lamela or Alli are going anywhere, it¡¯s easy to imagine Son getting more minutes as Pochettino attempts to keep as many balls in the air as possible.